Update 100-csharp.md (#2868)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/116-aspnet-core/content/100-basics-of-csharp/100-csharp.md

> # Csharp
> C# is a modern coding language that was developed by Microsoft that focuses on applying the coding style to C++, and making it so that way it's more condensed and more simple. It's similar to Java by them both being static, strong, and manifestive languages. Both use the System prebuilt class to do certain features like printing output to the screen, etc.C#, like Java also contains a garbage collection, which removes lower level maintenence code from the programmer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# C#

C# is a modern coding language that was developed by Microsoft that focuses on applying the coding style to C++ and making it so that way it's more condensed and simple. It's similar to Java by both being static, strong, and manifestive languages. Both use the System's prebuilt class to do certain features like printing output to the screen, etc.C#, like Java, also contains a garbage collection, which removes lower-level maintenance code from the programmer.
```
